README.md, before:

Project Structure
==================

We'll be following MVC Architecture for our application. Here app.js is the entry point for our application. Designs will be in the ./views directory. Structure of data i.e. models are in the ./models directory and controllers are in the ./controllers.


Phase 1 (Designing Phase)
=========================
Designing phase is where we develop the layout and theme of the website. Along with the design, we will be working on Frontend part where we’ll define various actions on different events, toggling, and other effects using Javascript.

1.Design_Landing  (Headed By Sameer Kumar Kushwaha)
---------------------------------------------------

This team is required to develop the designs for Landing Page and its associated pages. Make PR's in the development branch of the repository inside the ./views/Design_Landing  directory as specified by the team lead.

2.Design_X_Club   (Headed By Soumyajit Deb)
-------------------------------------------
This team is required to develop the designs for Club X Page and its associated pages. Make PR's in the development branch of the repository inside the ./views/Design_X_Club  directory as specified by the team lead.



Phase 2 (Backend and API Development)
=====================================
This phase will consist of developing APIs for different tasks like routing, updating, creating, deleting etc. along with database persistence.

Commit message:

Updated README with Phase 2 and 3 details.

README.md, after:

Project Structure
==================

We'll be following MVC Architecture for our application. Here app.js is the entry point for our application. Designs will be in the ./views directory. Structure of data i.e. models are in the ./models directory and controllers are in the ./controllers.


Phase 1 (Designing Phase)
=========================
Designing phase is where we develop the layout and theme of the website. Along with the design, we will be working on Frontend part where we’ll define various actions on different events, toggling, and other effects using Javascript.

1.Design_Landing  (Headed By Sameer Kumar Kushwaha)
---------------------------------------------------

This team is required to develop the designs for Landing Page and its associated pages. Make PRs in the development branch of the repository inside the ./views/Design_Landing  directory as specified by the team lead.

2.Design_X_Club   (Headed By Soumyajit Deb)
-------------------------------------------
This team is required to develop the designs for Club X Page and its associated pages. Make PRs in the development branch of the repository inside the ./views/Design_X_Club  directory as specified by the team lead.



Phase 2 (Backend and API Development)
=====================================
This phase will consist of developing APIs for different tasks like routing, updating, creating, deleting etc. along with database persistence.

1.Models, GET and POST APIs (Headed by Akshay Jain)
---------------------------------------------------
This team is required to develop Models, GET and POST APIs for the website as described in the Phase 2 Documentation. Make PRs in the development branch only inside the appropriate directory as specified by the team lead.

2.Delete APIs and Integration with Frontend (Headed by Ashutosh Gupta)
----------------------------------------------------------------------
This team is required to develop Delete APIs for the website. After complettion of API part, this team would work on integration part, where they have to fetch required data from the APIs and populate the EJS files (Design) with data. Make PRs in the development branch only inside the appropriate directory as specified by the team lead.
